(","blue )
((,(DoD) (USAF) )
(1,19 )
(2,2007 2007. 2007. 2008, 2008, 29–30 )
(3,36 )
(5,5 )
(A,ACM AGM-129 Air Air Air Air Air Air Air Air As August )
(B,B-52H Barksdale Barksdale Base Base Base Based Bent Board )
(C,Chief Command )
(D,Dakota Defense Defense Defense Department Department During )
(F,Force Force Force Force Force Force Force Force )
(G,General Global )
(I,In In In )
(J,June )
(L,Louisiana. )
(M,Michael Michael Minot Minot Minot Moseley )
(N,North )
(O,October October )
(S,Science Secretary Separate Six Spear Staff States States States States States Strike )
(T,T The The The The The )
(U,USAF USAF USAF USAF USAF USAF USAF USAF United United United United United )
(W,W80-1 Wynne )
(a,a a a a a a a addition, aircraft all an and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and/or announced any as asked at at at )
(b,been been before bomber bombers, both bunker. but but by by by by by )
(c,certain commanders commands, committee, concern concerns concluded conducted control creation cruise cruise )
(d,decertified did disciplined does duties, )
(e,each existed )
(f,failures find followed for for for for four from from further )
(g,given. )
(h,had handling handling handling have heavy hours. )
(i,immediate in in in in in incident incident incident incident, incident, incident. incidents, indicates instructions investigation investigation, investigations involve involved is issued )
(l,levels loaded loaded )
(m,mandatory military missile missiles missiles missiles missiles, missiles, missing, missions mistakenly mounted )
(n,new not not not not not nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear numerous numerous )
(o,observers occurred of of of of of of of of of of of of of on on on on on onto operations other other )
(p,panel perform period, personnel personnel personnel. precautions procedures procedures procedures. processes protected )
(r,recommendations referred released relieved remained removed reported reported reported resignations, response response result, results review ribbon" )
(s,security security sensitive significant standards storage supposed suspended. )
(t,taken that that that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the their their their this this threat to to to to to to to to to top transport transported types )
(v,variable various )
(w,war. warhead, warheads warheads warheads was weapon weapons weapons weapons weapons weapons weapons. weapons. were were were were were were were were were were were which which which with with with within )
(y,yield )
(–,– – )
